Erich von Manstein
Morale 7, Tactics 5, Logistics 3, Logistics 1 Earth, Logistics 1 Fire, German, Unholy
R; When your first maneuver phase begins, resupply 3 Air.
T; This card has +1 Tactics and +1 Logistics if friendly German cards have ever demoralized an enemy team twice in the same turn this game.
F; "A war is not lost until you consider it lost."

Bernard Montgomery
Morale 5, Tactics 4, Logistics 3, Logistics 1 Air, Logistics 1 Earth, Logistics 1 Fire, British
R; The first time this 
R; When a British card does an unblocked attack, you may resupply 2 Air or 2 Earth or 2 Fire instead of demoralizing the enemy team.
F; "To us is given the honor of striking a blow for freedom."

Napoleon Bonaparte
Morale 8, Tactics 5, Logistics 4, Logistics 1 Fire, French
T; Friendly Artillery cards and friendly French cards have +1 Speed if there have been 2 times this game when a friendly card has moved and done an unblocked attack in the same turn.
F; "Never interrupt your enemy when he is making a mistake."

Arthur Harris
Morale 6, Tactics 4, Logistics 2, Logistics 2 Air, Logistics 2 Fire, British
T; Friendly British cards have +2 Power if friendly cards have dealt 4 or more damage in the same turn using abilities that spend Air supply or Fire supply.
T; Your unblocked attacks don't demoralize the attacked enemy team.

Tiamat
Morale 5, Tactics 3, Logistics 1 Aether, Logistics 1 Air, Logistics 1 Earth, Logistics 1 Fire, Logistics 1 Water, African, Dragon

Nu
Power 4, Morale 6, Tactics 3, Logistics 3, Logistics 2 Water, African, Holy
A; Use only if your destroyed cards have been shuffled into a new deck at least once this game. Exhaust this card, spend 2 Water and damage all susceptible cards on all fields.
T; Your minimum deck size is reduced by 10.

Hades
Morale 4, Tactics 3, Logistics 7, Unholy
A; Exhaust this card, spend 3 and move one of your destroyed cards with Salvage value between 1 and 4 to any empty position on your field.
A; Use only if your Unholy cards have destroyed 3 or more cards this game. Exhaust this card, spend 5 and move one of your destroyed cards with Salvage value between 5 and 8 to any empty position on your field.